I
please make himself known to us as soon
as possible we are missing our switch
your honor at the moment
pj if you're here run
in the outset of Peter if he is not here
that we are very pleased to welcome this
is not here now and you to count you
down ladies and gentlemen starting from
10 96
I just like to say on behalf of the gem
of trade we acknowledge that certain
people are putting you making today a
great success
Janey's a judgment against Turner on
earth just arrived TV there's millions
of people here hello I did try to get
here but as that woman will verify I
couldn't get through the crowds and your
lights look very nice I have to say I'm
really sorry well I wasn't late but I
was over there with a black thunder stop
it's very nice to be here I won't keep
you too long so do you want to go and
have a look at the lights and spend some
money and take the kids out by them lots
of presents that's a great idea Resta
kids hey it's very nice to be here and
then you're going to have a fantastic
time in burnham it's a brilliant place
to be as I'm walking down the high
street actually just reminded me when I
TV or HDTV as we were then only you is
going to say so many familiar faces and
some ugly ones Mel in town sorry darling
it just reminded me of the time that HTV
used to come down in the carnivals and
come down the high street and there's
always a fantastic time for us here in
burnham so I just want to say have a
very happy Christmas I think you switch
the lights on but it's always nice to
say that Christmas officially start now
so have a great afternoon thank you
ha
q
Oh
ft snow was good
thank you can I just say is I was a
little bit late Heather next door at
Audrey calories is just give me a clock
which are those very appropriate thank
you next ladies and gentlemen we just
have little present master say thank you
ladies and gentlemen simple moment
next ladies and gentlemen there's one
there's one lady here today who has done
a whole other plan to make these new
lights happen and the limits behind the
scenes work she's been responsible for
closing the road today organizing the
marking had more importantly getting
most of the funding from these new light
states and gentlemen it's your town
centre managing this is Ann Marie
Spaulding thank you very much January
lossy and Kylie but by no means least we
would like to thank for the town council
support on behalf of the town council
Thank You was stepping into the breach
of the last minute cancel Eric Gill
ladies and gentlemen thereof
burnham-on-sea in libraries thank you
very much